How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	The diff format shows all the parts of the code that changed.
	Viewing a diff made it easier to spot the bug that was introduced 
	rather than having to compare the file by hand.
	Comparing the file by hand would mean that I would have to look at every line,
	but the unified diff format, showing only the parts of the code that changed really helps,
	because I would only have to look at what changed.
	The unified diff format is really easy to read.
	Minus signs indicate what existed in the old version of the file.
	A plus sign signifies what existed in the new version of the file.
	by looking only at texts preceded with a minus or plus, 
	I can easily spot the changes that may or may not have a potential bug

	Here i use the term unified diff format instructively, diff -u arg1 arg2
	Viewing a diff without the '-u' will still show the difference but in another format.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	
	'Entire history of a file' means 
	all saved versions of that single file..
	Having access to such fosters efficiency and productivity, 
	I believe that having bits of your file saved means you 
	can use different parts to build something else
	Also you can make changes without having to worry about 
	ruining the entire project, since you can time travel 
	to a different version of the file.
	You can fix easily any error along the programming process 
	by viewing a diff and you can experiment with your code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

  	pros(manual commit)
  	Flexibilty: Since the user is creating commits when he chooses to, flexibilty is implied
  	Efficacy: Choosing when to create a commit allows more control over 'what' is being saved
    Cons(Manual commit)
    Illogical checkpoints: Sometimes we might make the wrong decision on when to create a commit
    The result of this is irrelevant checkpoints in your commit history 
    i.e. commits that can't be used
    pros(automatic commit)
    Automatic committing is especially useful when a programmer doesn't want to decide when to save
    and would rather have the system do it
    It is reliable, the system would not forget to create a commit
    cons(automatic commit)
    It would still create a commit for you even if you try to manually save
    Could create irrelevant or unusable commits

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is a code supporting version control system. 
    It allows saving multiple files in one commit because sometimes when we're 'programming', 
    we need to save multiple files together that complement each other

    Google docs on the other hand sees it best to only create commits for the one file you're working on.
    Since the files may or may not be related.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	git log shows you all of the commits made in a repository 
	git diff allows you to compare between commits in a repository
	so if i want to access the history of a file, i can use the git log command to see all of the saved changes
	since one file is different from another in a repository, i can use a git diff to see what changed

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	With version control i can visit different versions of my code and make changes if i need to,
	without affecting the original repo
	I can create a commit of the current state of my code, 
    and using git checkout i can switch to another version of my code, 
    and knowing fully well that git allows me to switch back to the most recent version anytime,
    I can definitely make a change that could potentially break something

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	
	I want to master git and all of the tools it provides for code versioning
	It would also be a form of primary practice for using a unix style command line
	I would take advantage of its service to make myself a more proficient programmer
	I want to use git every minute possible